Hi X,

A couple of years ago we (that is, Dana Ernst, at Northern Arizona
University, and Spencer Hamblen, at McDaniel College, and I) submitted a
proposal to the NSF for an Open Problem Library (OPL), for which you
agreed to serve on an advisory committee.  It was not funded at that time,
and since then WeBWorK has appropriated the moniker "OPL."  We're looking
to submit a revised proposal this spring, with the new name "ROPE"
(Resource of Open Problems for Education).

The more or less succinct summary of what we're thinking of is that it
will 
 - Be a free, open-source resource that will give instructors and students
   access to good mathematics problems.  The cost of textbooks and
   supporting materials for courses is increasingly untenable.  We believe
   that as academic practitioners we should work to have an accessible
   resource that does not discriminate on the basis of wealth and which
   does not demand advertising or private data for its use.
 - Provide users the ability to create and share collections of problems,
   and collections of collections, that they can use for various purposes
   (e.g., homework sets, quizzes, etc.).
 - Create a community of users who will contribute problems, content and
   feedback on problems, and who may share the groups of problems they use
   for specific homework sets or courses.

Much of the substance of this is similar to our vision last time, but I
think the feature set has benefited from our having thought about it for a
while.  We are hoping that you would be interested in serving on an
advisory group for the project if it does get funded this time around.  We
envision that this would entail providing feedback on what we're trying to
do and a sense of aspects of the project that we should change to address
the needs of different constituencies.  We expect that much of this would
be done remotely, though we anticipate that it may be useful to have one
or two meetings of the group in person.  We will be writing in a small
honorarium for advisory group members into the grant.

Do you think this sounds like something in which you would have interest,
and time, to do?  The timeline on the grant would be three years starting
sometime this coming fall or winter.

Thanks,
Gavin
